{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 8/17/2015\
\
instructions \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\'97 I want an animated menu for my website. I found a menu online that I really like it. I am having a hard time incorporating this menu. example {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/09/30/animated-border-menus/"}}{\fldrslt http://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/09/30/animated-border-menus/}}\
{\listtext	2.	}\'97 In the menu I would like to use text and not icons. I am trying to write text in the anchor but they are not visible. I need to have the ability to have text in the anchor and have it be responsive. example <li><a href="#" class="bt-icon icon-zoom">Zoom</a></li>\
{\listtext	3.	}\'97 On clicking the link in the menu I would like to have a animation transition. I would like to do this in Jquery but I am not great Jquery. If you could do that for me, that would be great. If you can\'92t then I will try an figure it out.\
{\listtext	4.	}\'97 Right now I have all of my content in on index.html file. I would like to hide these element except for <div id="greeting" class="stage\'94>. This will load first once a user lands on the page then hide when the use moves to another link in the page. I would like this animation to be seamless. I like to use the animations from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.justinaguilar.com/animations/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.justinaguilar.com/animations/}}.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}